- [Instructor] So after objects are constructed,
we can now call setters on them,
and that is what the Spring framework does next.
So again, back to where we are.
So we've instantiated our beans,
and now we're ready to do setter calling.
So, post-initialization dependency injection
should only be done on optional beans or dynamic beans,
and that's really important to remember that concept.
Anything that is required for your class to operate
should have been injected via a constructor.
Now there's no way for the application context
in the IOC container to know which is which.
This is is just good development practice.
So after all beans have been instantiated,
we can go through and call the setter on each object,
which, go back to object-orient programming
and working with Java, right, you have to construct
the object to call any methods on it including setters.
Autowiring will occur here on all methods
that are not constructors
that have the autowiring annotation,
and if you're using anything other than JavaConfig,
this is the only way to do it,
you have to use autowiring to get that to occur.
JavaConfig, of course, behaves differently,
and we're going to talk a little bit more about that in depth,
but if you think about it, it makes sense,
because when you create a bean with JavaConfig,
you do everything you need to that class
in the definition of the bean itself
including calling setters.
Now when this phase is complete,
our beans are fully initialized.
All dependencies, all of our initial dependencies
have been injected at this point.
However, beans are still not ready for use.
Though technically, they could be used,
Spring does not allow you to use them yet
because there's still some opportunity
for you to do work on them,
and we're going to talk about that next.